Adds prime member section to Council page (#339)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-governance.md

This would be the tentative governance configuration for Polkadot in the initial genesis. It will be changed if any security loopholes have been found after third-party auditing.

### Prime Members

The council, being an instantiation of Substrate's Collective pallet, implements 
what's called a _prime member_ whose vote acts as the default for other members
that fail to vote before the timeout.

The prime member is chosen based on the most popular candidate. The most popular

> candidate of the council is simply the most highly scored candidate as determined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
candidate of the council is simply the most-backed candidate as determined
```

by the [Phragmen election](learn-phragmen).

The purpose of having a prime member of the council is to avoid reaching quorum

> when a member abstains from a vote. Council members might be tempted to vote a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of having a prime member of the council is to ensure a quorum, even
when several members abstain from a vote. Council members might be tempted to vote a
```
